I Welcome back.
I can't really believe that you made it to Section 4.
Wow.
Nice.
Anyway let's go ahead and keep going.
All right.
So this section here we are going to be practising functions.
All right so make sure that you are inside your practic whap folder.
And for that BHB.
All right.
So this one is just asking us to define a function and make it return a calculation of two numbers.
All right cool.
And then we can just echo that right and then make a function that passes parameters and color using
parameters.
Right we did this in the in the lectures.
Let's go ahead and do it now so positive we'll do that yourself.
Try as much as you can go back to the video if you don't understand it and then come back here.
All right.
So I wait for you just positivity right now don't cheat.
OK
perfect.
Hopefully you'll be able to do it.
And I think you did it because I think I'm a good teacher right.
I think I'm showing you something here valuable and I think you are learning it right so I know that
you did it but if you did it you can just wait a little bit and let me do it let me see if our code
matches are right.
So first thing asking us to define a function and we can just define the functions here and name it
whatever we want which is name and numbers what about that.
Or maybe calculation right.
Just to be clear and right there.
So coolish.
All right.
And let's bring it down and Dave is going to return a calculation of two numbers.
All right so perfect.
So how do we make every turn of calculation and two numbers.
Well first we need to make them two numbers.
Number one to any number two.
And the reason why I wasn't so descriptive it's because you should be able to get the idea of what I'm
saying here.
As you watch the lecture Right.
Right.
All right.
Hopefully you watch the lecture and you can skip it.
And then here I'm just going to say some because when we need a variable to to hold is some right here
right.
We're going to make a sum of two numbers some one plus some too.
Well number two right.
And then we are going to return this returns some.
Right and that's it.
That's it for this.
Now how do we use it.
I wasn't very descriptive here for a reason because we did this in the lecture.
OK.
So let's go ahead and do that.
Let's go ahead and use this function.
However we want.
Now we can call this function right here by just saying calculation.
Actually this just copy and paste it as do the macerate there.
And right now we're not going to see much here.
Right.
Because on the find Consta number one will we have a problem here because we're missing this right here.
Fresh in that we're not going to see anything because this function here we could do whatever we want
with it now.
All right.
What I want to do is a sign that a very we're going to see some kind of call this some I don't want
capital there.
I don't.
Why does my hand want to do capital.
I don't understand it and I just want to echo.
Then after some echoing and I just going to pieces here.
Perfect.
All right.
And it's refreshing.
And now we are echoing some.
All right.
So there isn't.
And please understand that I'm going fast because I have to do a couple of things here.
I don't want to take 20 minutes to go over something that we already did.
You should know this.
And for some reason you have any problems all you have to do is go back to the video and learn it.
All right.
Just watch you keep watching and watching and watching until you get it right.
So I'm going fast here because you should do.
You should know this but for some reason you don't just rewind that same video that you're doing right
now and that you're watching.
And just look at what I'm doing right.
So it's a matter of just watching the video and rewinding if I'm going too fast.
I shouldn't this should be very easy for you by now.
But if it's not don't worry about it you can just keep watching and watching until you get it right
now.
Make a function that passes a parameter and call it using the parameters.
All right so just make a function here called.
I don't know say law.
It's in Spanish by the way or it means hello.
For those of you that don't know.
All right.
I said my fans are going to call it all so that way you can remember this.
I say how are you.
You know that's what that all means.
All right so.
And says You're going to pass a parameter there.
All right so we're going to say we're going to call this in English.
Look at that very well.
English is going to say hello and echo Hello.
That's all we've got to do with its function.
To be honest with you.
And then we've called the functions here or law and we passed it a parameter and we say Hey is that
Spanish
right.
And what's going on with this.
Right.
All right.
Refresh a Spanish together make sure that you put something here so that we goes to that and that's
where I'm stuck with that.
Yes.
They actually we don't need a break here.
We need it all up here.
This corner here we go.
Hayes.
Spanish Yes it is.
All right.
So I think we're good here.
That's all we needed to do here.
So we have a function here we turn into some and then we use that somehow.
But we will and once we get we call the function we can use assigning a variable and then we could just
equity's very well do whatever we want we can do.
We can use as a variable to add it to some other variable like we did in the lecture or and now here
we made a function call which means hello in Spanish.
Right.
And we just gave it a variable here so that where we have a value here to use to do different things
with it.
In this case we use equity.
All right.
So anyway hopefully this lecture helped you out.
And I'm going to see you in the next section.
Take care.